---  
layout: recent-changes  
title: Recent policy changes reported in the OxCGRT  
permalink: /recent-changes/  
---

This website contains recent policy changes reported in the global
[Oxford COVID-19 Government Response Tracker
(OxCGRT)](www.bsg.ox.ac.uk/covidtracker) database. It includes policies
which have come into force within the last two weeks. It is arranged by
country and then by indicator. For more details on the coding policy
please see our
[Codebook](https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/blob/master/documentation/codebook.md)
and [Interpretation
Guide](https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/blob/master/documentation/interpretation_guide.md).

Data in the OxCGRT database is recorded by volunteers from all over the
world on a weekly schedule. Our coverage may not yet be completely
up-to-date until the present day with recent policy changes. This site
is updated daily, so check back for the latest information.

## Global Changes in Government Response Index

The Government Response Index is an aggregate summary of all 20 of our
policy indicators. The index goes from 0 to 100, and a higher number
generally means a more active policy (eg. more stringent restrictions,
more generous economic support, or more pro-active public health
measures).
<!-- The following map shows countries that have changed their response at some point during the last two weeks, resulting in an increase or decrease in the overall Government Response Index. -->
The headings for each country report how the index has changed from two
weeks ago. For more detail on the Government Response Index please see
our most recent [working
paper](https://www.bsg.ox.ac.uk/research/publications/variation-government-responses-covid-19)
or explore our [dataset
publication](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41562-021-01079-8).

## Changes in Policy over the last two weeks

<img src="../images/changes-map.png">

<p style="text-align:right">

<i>Last updated 2021-12-29</i>

</p>

<h4>

Overall increase

</h4>

<div class="contents">

<div>

<a href="#faeroe islands-gri-42--44">Faeroe Islands (GRI: 42 ↑ 44)</a>

</div>

<div>

<a href="#lebanon-gri-43--45">Lebanon (GRI: 43 ↑ 45)</a>

</div>

<div>

<a href="#netherlands-gri-66--70">Netherlands (GRI: 66 ↑ 70)</a>

</div>

<div>

<a href="#south korea-gri-57--59">South Korea (GRI: 57 ↑ 59)</a>

</div>

<div>

<a href="#switzerland-gri-55--60">Switzerland (GRI: 55 ↑ 60)</a>

</div>

</div>

<br/>

<h4>

Overall decrease

</h4>

<div class="contents">

<div>

<a href="#malaysia-gri-60--58">Malaysia (GRI: 60 ↓ 58)</a>

</div>

</div>

<br/>

Please see our
[Codebook](https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/blob/master/documentation/codebook.md)
for a full description of the policies we track.

### Faeroe Islands (GRI: 42 ↑ 44)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Faeroe Islands (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> levels of schools; across
<b>all</b> of Faeroe Islands (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Schools closed for Christmas holidays on December 15.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211217001652/https://korona.fo/current-recommendations?_l=en>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Faeroe Islands (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/12/2021  
<img src="../images/down-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Faeroe Islands (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Max 20 people at events with no corona-pass requirement.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211217001652/https://korona.fo/current-recommendations?_l=en>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### International travel controls (C8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Screening</b> arrivals coming into Faeroe Islands (1)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Quarantine</b> arrivals from <b>some</b> regions coming into Faeroe
Islands (2)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

All travellers 12 years and older are required to get tested for
COVID-19 upon arrival in the Faroe Islands. Younger travellers can
voluntarily get tested. All travellers are recommended to home
quarantine until the result from the PCR test from the second day after
arrival is available.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211217002135/https://korona.fo/travel?_l=en>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211217003008/https://korona.fo/270?_l=en>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Protection of elderly people (H8)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of Faeroe Islands (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended</b> isolation, hygiene, and visitor restriction measures
in LTCFs and/or elderly people to stay at home; across <b>all</b> of
Faeroe Islands (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

COVID passes are required for entry to hospitals and elderly care homes.
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211217001652/https://korona.fo/current-recommendations?_l=en>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Fiji (GRI: 82 ↓ 79)

### Lebanon (GRI: 43 ↑ 45)

#### Stay at home requirements (C6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommend</b> not leaving the house; across <b>all</b> of Lebanon
(1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

17/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> not leaving the house with exceptions for daily exercise,
grocery shopping, and ‘essential’ trips; across <b>all</b> of Lebanon
(2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

On December, 03, 2021, authorities in Lebanon announced that
unvaccinated individuals will be subject to three-week night-time curfew
from Dec,17 following the recent emergence of the Omicron variant of
COVID-19. The curfew will run 19:00 to 6:00 nightly. Individuals who
have received at least one dose of an approved COVID-19 vaccine and
those with a negative result from a PCR test taken in the previous 48
hours are exempt from the curfew measures. Source: Garda World Archived
link:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211220005111/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/552206/lebanon-authorities-plan-to-impose-three-week-night-curfew-for-unvaccinated-people-from-dec-17-due-to-emergence-of-covid-19-omicron-variant-update-60>
Archived link:
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211220005322/https://www.garda.com/crisis24/news-alerts/553961/lebanon-authorities-plan-to-impose-new-entry-measures-for-travelers-from-dec-15-to-combat-covid-19-update-61>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Malaysia (GRI: 60 ↓ 58)

#### Cancel public events (C3)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; across <b>all</b> of
Malaysia (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

21/12/2021  
<img src="../images/down-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> cancellation of public events; in <b>some</b> parts of
Malaysia (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Two states are still in phase 3. Phase 3 states: Live performances and
events are allowed without an audience Phase 4 states: Live performances
and events are allowed subject to 50% audience capacity
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211224145605/https://www.malaysia.gov.my/portal/content/31194>
<https://web.archive.org/web/20211224150952/https://pelanpemulihannegara.gov.my/sarawak/index-en.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Netherlands (GRI: 66 ↑ 70)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; across <b>all</b> of Netherlands (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

19/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> levels of schools; across
<b>all</b> of Netherlands (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Education ¦Education and out-of-school care facilities (BSO) are
physically closed until at least 9 January. There are some exceptions.
On 3 January, the government will look at what is possible after 9
January. ¦Schools will be open to provide emergency childcare for
vulnerable children and the children of key workers in crucial sectors.
¦Daycare centres for children aged 0 to 4 are open.
<https://archive.vn/mVbeo#selection-1137.0-1163.50>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### South Korea (GRI: 57 ↑ 59)

#### School closing (C1)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>No measures</b> are present across all of South Korea (0)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure</b> of schools or open with significant
operational differences; in <b>some</b> parts of South Korea (1T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The education ministry said schools in the greater Seoul area will roll
back full in-person classes and supplement with remote learning from
Monday until the start of the winter holidays later this month. Middle
and high schools will run at two-thirds capacity, while third- to
sixth-grade elementary school classes will run at 75 percent capacity.
Only first- and second-grade elementary school students will continue to
learn fully in-person. <https://archive.md/SIQqK>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; in
<b>some</b> parts of South Korea (2T)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

18/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>some</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of South Korea (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

As of Saturday, ordering eateries and night-time entertainment
businesses to close by 9 p.m:
<http://web.archive.org/web/20211216031259/http://ncov.mohw.go.kr/tcmBoardView.do?brdId=&brdGubun=&dataGubun=&ncvContSeq=368947&contSeq=368947&board_id=&gubun=ALL>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

### Switzerland (GRI: 55 ↑ 60)

#### Workplace closing (C2)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Recommended closure </b> (or work from home) of businesses or open
with significant operational differences; across <b>all</b> of
Switzerland (1G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Require</b> closure of <b>all</b> sectors of business; across
<b>all</b> of Switzerland (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

The Swiss government and health authorities have heightened the
restrictions on in-person working. Working from home is now mandatory in
Switzerland. This is what can be read on the government’s website:
"“Working from home: Working from home is mandatory. Employers must
take appropriate organisational and technical measures to enable
homeworking.”" Link:
<http://web.archive.org/web/20211221150320/https://www.bag.admin.ch/bag/en/home/krankheiten/ausbrueche-epidemien-pandemien/aktuelle-ausbrueche-epidemien/novel-cov/massnahmen-des-bundes.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

#### Facial Coverings (H6)

<div id="table-div">

<div style="border: 1px solid #ddd; padding: 5px; overflow-x: scroll; width:100%; ">

<table class="table" style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

<tbody>

<tr>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>Old policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>specific shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present; across <b>all</b> of
Switzerland (2G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 1in; color: grey80 !important;">

20/12/2021  
<img src="../images/up-arrow.png">

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 2in; ">

<b>New policy:</b>

<b>Required</b> wearing of face masks in <b>all shared spaces</b>
outside the home when other people are present <b>or</b> when social
distancing not possible; across <b>all</b> of Switzerland (3G)

</td>

<td style="text-align:left;min-width: 4in; ">

Masks must be worn at all publicly accessible indoor spaces. Only some
exceptions such as indoor swimming pools apply. Link:
<http://web.archive.org/web/20211221150320/https://www.bag.admin.ch/bag/en/home/krankheiten/ausbrueche-epidemien-pandemien/aktuelle-ausbrueche-epidemien/novel-cov/massnahmen-des-bundes.html>

</td>

</tr>

</tbody>

</table>

</div>

</div>

<br> <br>

This website and all OxCGRT data is published under a [Creative Commons
CC BY 4.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/),
meaning you are free to use it for any purpose, provided you attribute
us as the source. You can read more about citing our work on our [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/OxCGRT/covid-policy-tracker/blob/master/README.md#citing-our-data).

<p style="text-align:right; font-size:70%">

<i> This summary page was created by Andrew Wood and Toby Phillips. </i>

</p>
